hello there it's Tracy here and welcome
to our Channel
today we've got some three surprise egg
openings we've got spider-man super
surprise egg
we've got Hello Kitty super surprise
there
and we've got Disney Pixar Cars
so let's start with these spider-man and
see what we've got inside we've got some
candies little sweeties they're got a
little leaflet of all the different
spider-man figures that you can collect
this is actually one two three four five
six then six different action figures
there to collect we've got a spider-man
sticker so there's three spider-man
stickers there and they just easily peel
off and you can pop them on your pencil
case or perhaps on a favorite book or
something and our free toy today is a
standing Spider Man you go about someone
all right let's get on to the hello
kitty right so we've got some more
stickers here for cute little pictures
there all of Hello Kitty in different
outfits I've got a little leaflet
showing you another ones that you can
collect gosh as many that often there to
collect I've got some great little
sweeties and which little Hello Kitty we
got today oh she looks like she's ready
for painting let's see which one it is
on our little mat there little guide
here
mmm it can't actually see it at the
moment perhaps you might be able to spot
it perhaps a cameraman can help me I
think it's that one yeah there it is all
right so that's the Hello Kitty free toy
there then and the last one the last one
that we've got here is the Disney Pixar
car
Wow
this one looks full so got some now too
sweet they're two packets of sweets
Izzie candies we've got a great little
rare picture there of the piston cup the
400 piston cup and there's a little
leaflet there showing you the toys that
you can collect and what we've got today
is any whistle with a car picture on the
side give it a little blow there you go
it works the treat so there you have the
three egg openings we've got so the
Disney Pixar Cars Hello Kitty and
spider-man egg surprise hope you enjoyed
this short video and if you'd like to
see more of the same please subscribe do
take care and come back again soon bye
for now